TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[ducks quacking]
[playing violin]
‐ [sighs]
I wonder what that sense
of unity I felt was.
It was as though
we understood each other
without having to say
a single word.
‐ [yelps]
Hey, Towa!
What's going on here?!
Is this burning?!
How long am I supposed to...
[moans]
‐ [sighs] What are you doing?
‐ I'm making the food
we brought back
from your world. See?
What are these again?
‐ You mean pancakes?
‐ Yeah, those!
Oh, looks like
they're frying up real nice!
[wails]
Gotta say
this is really useful!
You can cook anytime, anyplace!
Now to see what it tastes like.
Ahh!
[murmurs]
[gasps]
‐ [coughing]
‐ Uh, Moroha, you doing OK?
‐ Emergency!
I need a drink right now!
[gasps] I'm saved!
‐ Water!
‐ [gasps]
Don't tell me she's
gonna drink that pond water!
‐ It looks like she is.
‐ Wait! Get back here!
‐ Water! Water!
Water! Water! Water!
[yelps]
[groans]
‐ What are you thinking?!
If you drink muddy water,
you'll get a stomachache!
But I need it!
Oh, wait. I can breathe now.
‐ Give me a break.
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [quacking]
Huh?
[gasps]
[yelps]
‐ Hmm? What is it now?
‐ Did you see that?!
The pond swallowed up that bird!
‐ Hold on. Are you serious?
‐ Uh‐huh!
A bird went like zoom,
right by here,
and the water went,
like, sploosh,
and, bam,
the bird was gobbled up!
‐ [sighs] You are
just as noisy as ever.
I'm heading back.
‐ Uh, to the demon slayers'
village, right?
I'll come with you.
‐ Hey! Wait!
‐ You need to go see Mr. Jyubei
after this, don't you?
Wishing you
all the best with that!
‐ Gee, thanks.
But that was really weird.
I swear the pond just...
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Curse of
the Man‐Eating Pond."
‐ A man‐eating pond?
KOHAKU: Yes. It's on
the other side of that hill
and a little hidden.
‐ Hey, isn't that
where we just were?
‐ [grunts]
‐ According to the villagers,
it used to be a beautiful pond,
so pure
it sparkled like a mirror.
But something
took up residence in it,
and it started getting murky.
‐ I see.
You're saying that something
is the real man‐eating thing
in the pond.
‐ Correct. It's just
there's currently nobody alive
who can give us
a description of that thing.
That's because
every single eyewitness
who's ever seen it
has been eaten.
‐ [gasps]
‐ What?
‐ This mystery creature
eats anything and everything
that gets near the pond,
humans, beasts, and birds.
‐ Wait. Birds?
Setsuna.
‐ Looks like she wasn't
just fooling around after all.
Understood.
I'll go back and slay it.
‐ Uh, wait up!
So it's a mysterious "something"
living in the pond.
I wonder what it might be.
‐ Wait.
‐ Huh? Setsuna, why'd you stop?
‐ Here. Hold these.
‐ Uh, where are you going?
‐ [children grunting]
‐ What's the rush, Setsuna?
TOWA: Huh?
No, Brother, don't go!
It's too dangerous!
Let go of me, Chiyo!
I have to go there
and avenge our Ma and Pa!
‐ You can't! Please,
I don't want my big brother
to go disappearing, too!
‐ Eh? You gotta let go of me!
I said let go!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [thump]
‐ Eh?
Chiyo.
[crying] I'm sorry!
[gasps]
‐ She's right.
It's dangerous over there.
‐ [gasps]
And who are you, huh?! Let go!
You heard me! Let go!
[grunting]
I have to go that way!
‐ Are you OK?
‐ [Hikomaru grunting]
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Oh, you're hurt.
Here. Hop on.
‐ Huh?
‐ It's alright.
Let's patch you up at home.
‐ [Hikomaru grunting]
‐ Oh. Uh, OK.
‐ There we go.
Setsuna, you good with this?
‐ I am.
You are coming, too.
‐ [gasps]
TOWA: So that's what happened.
The two of you
lost your parents to that pond.
‐ Yeah.
‐ I understand the situation,
but don't be
so reckless anymore.
‐ But I‐‐
‐ No "buts!"
Listen up. Older brothers
should never let go
of their little sister's hands!
It'll be too late
if you regret it later.
‐ [sighs]
I‐I'm so sorry.
[crying]
[bird warbles]
‐ [groans]
Why do I get stuck
doing boring stuff like this?
[yelps]
‐ [pained] Lady Moroha. [groans]
‐ What are you doing here,
Grandpa Myoga?
‐ [normal]
Well, being beside you
is such a lovely experience,
I can't seem to help myself.
By the way, why are you being
relegated to cleaning duty?
‐ Hey! Get back to work!
You missed a spot!
‐ I already cleaned over there!
‐ Oh, really?
Well, would you look at that?
It's still all grimy.
And here and here
and here and even over here!
‐ [groans]
All right, that's it!
I don't want to clean anymore!
I'm a Demon Killer,
not a housekeeper!
‐ Oh, yeah? If you're really
such a ferocious demon killer,
then why haven't you
brought back any heads lately?
‐ Uh, that's, well...
you know, shit happens.
‐ If you can't repay
Master Jyubei
for your advanced pay,
helping to clean up around here
is the least you can do
until you can clear your debt!
‐ Alright, already!
‐ [laughing]
‐ Man, this sucks.
[birds squawking]
‐ Alright,
let's see that scrape.
‐ Ouch.
‐ Sorry. Did that sting?
‐ A little, but I'll be OK.
‐ Wow, Chiyo, you're so strong.
And for that...
you're getting
a heart‐shaped one.
‐ Huh? What is that thing?
‐ Here. Look.
‐ Hey, don't paste
anything weird on Chiyo!
‐ No need to worry.
‐ Huh?
‐ This is called a band‐aid.
It's like a plaster,
but better.
‐ Okay.
‐ The sun is already setting.
Why don't the two of you
spend the night here?
‐ [squeals] That's a good idea!
You should stay here!
Right, brother? Tell 'em.
‐ Well, it doesn't
really matter to me.
‐ I really want you
to spend the night with us.
Pretty please?
‐ What do you think, Setsuna?
‐ Come on. Please?
‐ Don't drag me into this.
‐ You gotta!
‐ [laughter]
‐ GRANDMA: Now, now.
‐ Seconds please, Grandma!
‐ Yeah, me, too!
‐ [laughs] Alright.
‐ [sighs] Looks like we're
gonna end up spending the night.
And they even shared
a warm meal with us.
‐ Their home
is close to the pond.
It's an ideal place to stay
for our mission.
‐ Uh, now that you
mention that pond,
it's been very murky and muddy
ever since I was a little girl.
‐ I heard it
used to be really clear,
that the surface
was so clean and pure,
it was like a mirror.
‐ That's right.
It was all thanks to the sage.
She used some medicinal herbs
to purify those filthy waters.
‐ A sage, you say?
‐ She used herbs?
‐ Yes, indeed.
She then planted more
medicinal herbs around the pond
so if it became murky again,
they could be used
to clear it up.
There should be
a big, beautiful patch
of medicinal herbs
growing over there by now.
‐ But no one can reach it
because of the Venom Serpent,
so there's no way
to clear the pond.
‐ Venom Serpent?
‐ It's a demon that's poisonous
and looks like a giant snake.
‐ It looks
like a giant snake, huh?
Have you seen it?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
[both grunt]
‐ [gasps] Hey, what is that,
that case over there?
‐ Setsuna.
‐ An instrument.
‐ [squeals]
‐ [groans]
‐ Ooh! What a funny shape!
‐ Is it like a biwa lute?
Our Pa was good
at playing the biwa, too.
‐ He always
used to play it for us.
‐ Did he, now?
‐ Setsuna's instrument
is called a violin.
BOTH: Bio‐lin?
‐ [gasps] Will you play?
‐ I wanna hear!
‐ But I don't play it
very well at all.
‐ Please, if it wouldn't
be too much trouble,
play a song
for my dear grandchildren.
‐ [chuckles]
[both squeal]
‐ Uh...
[sighs]
[children laugh]
[playing sentimental music]
[both crying]
‐ [stops playing]
‐ Eh?
‐ Uh, hey,
what's the matter, you two?
‐ Oh, dear.
[children crying]
They're just remembering
their father.
‐ He played for us
with his biwa
over by that old pond.
That's when
he got swallowed up.
[crying]
GRANDMA: There now.
‐ [gasps]
Setsuna.
Sorry, Setsuna.
I didn't mean
to fall asleep on my own.
‐ Don't worry about it.
It's alright.
‐ Nights are probably long
when you can't sleep,
aren't they?
But I promise I'm gonna catch
the Dream Butterfly for you.
‐ It's the way it is.
Ever since I can remember,
this is how it's been,
so it's never been
a hardship for me.
And if I wait out here,
the sun will eventually rise.
‐ Setsuna.
‐ By the way, I've been
thinking about what Moroha said.
‐ Eh?
‐ When she told us
about the bird,
why did she say
the "pond" swallowed it?
‐ You're right.
If you had watched
something get eaten,
you'd note what had done it,
like a snake
or some other creature.
‐ Well, in any case...
go get some sleep.
Come the morning, we'll have
to slay the Venom Serpent.
‐ [chuckles] Well,
maybe I'll sleep out here then.
Good night.
Ow!
[groans]
‐ Don't start
getting comfortable with me.
Hmph!
‐ [scoffs]
[birds squawking]
MOROHA: Aw, man.
Where the hell are those two?
They didn't
come home last night,
so now I gotta find 'em.
Towa! Setsuna!
Eh? Oh, there they are.
‐ Hey, you two!
‐ Eh?
Moroha.
‐ Man, where in the world
have you been?
You didn't come home last night.
I got worried
and had to find you.
‐ Sorry. A couple of kids from
the village let us stay over.
‐ Kids from the village?
‐ There's no time to explain.
TOWA: A demon
called the Venom Serpent
is living in this pond.
‐ Venom Serpent? So the thing
I saw yesterday was...
‐ Yeah, we're pretty sure
that's what it was.
We were planning
on slaying it today.
‐ What?! Then I wanna help you!
Yeah! Time to get
that sweet, sweet bounty.
I never want to clean
another grimy room
for as long as I live!
Yo, Venom Serpent!
Come on out here! Get ready.
I'm sending you to the afterlife
with my Kurikaramaru!
‐ Don't give away our position!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [energy surges]
‐ Hmm? Look.
‐ So there you are,
Venom Serpent.
Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
[gasps]
[coughing]
I can't breathe.
Could it be demon toxin?
TOWA: Moroha, watch out!
‐ Yaah!
‐ Moroha!
‐ Don't get distracted.
‐ [gasps]
[both gasp]
TOWA: So is this
the Venom Serpent?
‐ Tell me, are you the ones
threatening this pond?
‐ Wait. It can talk?
[gasps]
Setsuna, be careful!
‐ Scourge of Swallows!
‐ You annoying little brat! Die!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [yells]
‐ [shrieks]
‐ Are you OK, Setsuna?
‐ Yeah, I think so.
‐ [coughing]
‐ [slurps]
Lady Moroha, are you alright?
‐ Ouch!
[sighs]
I don't know how,
but I'm still alive.
Uh, what the?
The itchiness just went away.
‐ [laughs] Oh, that's probably
thanks to this herb here.
‐ An herb?
‐ [groans]
[panting]
‐ Hey, are you sure you're OK?
‐ Towa, why aren't you being
affected by its demon toxin?
‐ You're right. I have no idea.
Since that's the case,
I'll handle this.
Venom Serpent,
I'm taking you on!
‐ [growling]
‐ It's like
the pond itself is alive.
‐ The pond is protecting
the Venom Serpent?!
‐ The Venom Serpent
isn't the only opponent
you must defeat.
The pond itself is also a demon.
‐ [groans]
‐ Eh, look!
Down there!
‐ What's that?
‐ Must be all the bodies
of those who drowned here.
‐ I am Drifting Pond.
I drift from pond to pond,
consume it, and then
become the pond itself.
‐ Drifting Pond, huh?
That's the demon
that I spotted yesterday.
‐ Taking on Venom Serpent
and Drifting Pond at once
will make this a tough battle.
‐ Then I'd better help.
[groans]
‐ Lady Moroha, you're not
immune to demon toxin.
Even if you went to help them,
you'd do more harm than good.
‐ I gotta do something.
‐ How dare you endanger
the resident of this pond?!
Die!
‐ I'll show you!
[yells]
Yes, I got 'im!
[gasps]
‐ Towa, what's wrong?
‐ I don't know.
It's like my body suddenly‐‐
[coughs]
‐ What happened?
Did the demon toxin
dissolve into the water?
‐ Except...
‐ [coughing]
it's only affecting Towa
this time. But why?
‐ Ah. Yes, I see.
Those two are resistant
to the toxin,
but each has
a different type of immunity.
‐ What do you mean by that?
‐ Apparently Lady Towa
has a resistance to poison mist,
while Lady Setsuna
has a resistance to venom.
[Moroha gasps]
‐ Just as one would expect from
Lord Sesshomaru's daughters.
All they must do now is properly
utilize their advantages.
‐ Are you able to move, Towa?
‐ Uh‐huh. I'll be alright.
‐ You insolent little girls,
I will never forgive you.
SETSUNA: Drifting Pond
and Venom Serpent
both at the same time.
This'll be tough.
‐ We're gonna be fine.
‐ Huh?
‐ It is two against two,
after all.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [growls]
[both grunt]
‐ [gasps]
Is that a...
biwa?
[gasps]
‐ It was all thanks to the sage.
She used medicinal herbs
to purify those filthy waters.
‐ That's right! There's
a patch of medicinal herbs.
‐ What is it, Setsuna? Setsuna?!
‐ Towa, you can leave
Drifting Pond to me.
You handle the Venom Serpent.
‐ Understood.
DRIFTING POND:
You won't escape!
‐ [gasps]
Lady Setsuna
is heading straight for us.
MOROHA: You're right.
What's going on?
‐ You had better
dodge this, Moroha.
Cyclone Burst!
‐ [yelling]
‐ [grunts]
[yells]
[Venom Serpent groans]
DRIFTING POND:
What are you doing?!
‐ If these are the medicinal
herbs from the sage,
then they should purify you,
since you're sullying the pond.
‐ Check it out!
The water in the pond
is clearing up!
‐ [groans]
‐ [gasps] Drifting Pond.
‐ Towa, the rest is up to you!
‐ I'm on it!
[yells]
‐ [grunts]
‐ Sorry, but your mist
doesn't work on me!
‐ [gasps] Drifting... Pond.
‐ [panting]
[chuckles]
[babbles]
‐ You two are so awesome!
You managed to get them both
at the same time!
‐ High‐five!
‐ Oh, yeah!
‐ Setsuna, up top!
‐ Yeah.
[sighs]
‐ What? Don't you wanna?
‐ You're so annoying.
‐ [gasps] Aw, come on.
‐ [chuckles]
Would you look at that?
This pond
is so pretty and clear.
‐ TOWA: Yep.
‐ SETSUNA: It is.
CHIYO: Hey, Towa!
TOWA: Oh.
It's Chiyo and Hikomaru.
‐ [laughing]
‐ [laughs]
‐ Here. You forgot this.
‐ Thank you.
‐ Oh, wow! So pretty.
‐ Yeah, isn't it?
‐ Huh?
‐ I could totally drink it now.
‐ Right.
Unlike last time, you mean?
[both laugh]
‐ You three defeated that thing.
That's why the pond's
so clear, isn't it?
‐ Thank you.
‐ [laughs]
‐ No need to thank us.
I know it's not a biwa,
but I'll do my best to play.
‐ [sighs]
[Japanese music playing]
NIKOSEN: Some mere half‐demons
have Rainbow Pearls?
You think that I, Nikosen,
being both demon and human,
am best suited
for disposing of them.
KONTON: See to it
that you defeat them.
TOWA: In a battle
against a demon
that withered a mountain,
I end up holding us all back.
SETSUNA: What's wrong
with you today, Towa?
MOROHA: I don't sense
any demon energy.
It's like you're just a human!
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"Night of the New Moon
and the Black‐haired Towa."
I'm really sorry
for troubling everyone.